This script is responsible for creating a virtual machine locally. It will create a virtual machine and the resulting virtual disk will be formatted and partitioned. After this operation, the FreeBSD components will be extracted to the temporarily mounted root partition. All files located in the `files/` directory will be copied. The user-defined `resolv.conf(5)` file will be copied as `VM_DIR/etc/resolv.conf` if it exists, but if a `VM_DIR/etc/resolv.conf` file already exists, it will be saved as `VM_DIR/etc/resolv.conf.bak` for later use, so the user-defined `resolv.conf(5)` file will be used as a temporary `resolv.conf(5)` while the virtual machine is being configured. If the user-defined `resolv.conf(5)` file does not exist, a file with the OpenDNS nameservers will be created. The packages listed in `pkg.lst` will be installed. The virtual machine will be assigned a hostname as `{name}{domain}`. The pre-script is executed if it exists and has the execution bit permission, followed by the chroot-script (as long as it exists and has the execution bit permission). When the pre-script and the chroot-script finish executing, the latest patches are installed, so the system is up-to-date.  After updating the system, the post-script is executed. The `VM_DIR/etc/resolv.conf.bak` (if it exists) will be renamed to `VM_DIR/etc/resolv.conf`. And finally, the VM root partition will be unmounted and the VM will be added to the `vm_list` parameter in the host `rc.conf(5)`.

Only the chroot-script runs in a chroot environment, but the pre-script and post-script run in the host environment, but with the working directory set to the VM root partition.

For the pre-script and post-script, the `VMNAME` environment variable is set to the VM name and `WRKDIR` to the directory where the `create.sh` script is located.
